Qgis server comparaison matrix/faq/3rd parties (#6349)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/integration_with_third_parties.rst

******************************

> Integration with third parties

Author: I was thinking to put it in the getting_started file but I am not really sure this is a good idea as the getting_started is no more a 'getting started' documentation but more like a shed where we put stuffs over stuffs. I'd like to let it in a separated file.

******************************

.. only:: html

   .. contents::
      :local:
      :depth: 3

> QGIS server provides standard OGC streams like `WMS, WFS, etc. <https://www.ogc.org/docs/is>`_ thus it can used by a wide variety of end user tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QGIS server provides standard OGC web services like `WMS, WFS, etc. <https://www.ogc.org/docs/is>`_ thus it can used by a wide variety of end user tools.
```

Integration with QGIS Desktop
=============================

> QGIS Desktop is the map designer where QGIS Server is the map server. The maps or QGIS projects will be served by the QGIS Server to provide to OGC standards. These QGIS projects can either be files or entries in a database (by using `Project -> Save to -> PostgreSQL` in QGIS Desktop).

Author: not sure we can serve projects from a gpkg! I'll check!

> QGIS Desktop is the map builder where QGIS Server is the map streamer. The maps or QGIS projects will be served by the QGIS Server to provide to standard OGC streams. These QGIS projects can either be files or entries in a database (by using `Project -> Save to -> PostgreSQL` in QGIS Desktop).

Reviewer: Streams? Really?

Author: I was thinking as data stream but may be there is a more dedicated noun?

Reviewer: I would just use "map designer" or "creator" for the desktop and "map server" for the server. (when you say "stream" I think of HTTP streaming protocols which is not what QGIS server does, but maybe it's just me).

> Furthermore, dedicated update processes must be established to refresh a project used by a QGIS Server. 

Author: ok
